Update Flask to use common content design (#2490)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/flask.mdx

---
title: Flask
---

> The Flask integration adds support for the [Flask framework](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/). For more information, see our [Flask integration guide](/platforms/python/guides/flask/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flask integration adds support for the [Flask framework](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/). For more information, see our [Flask integration guide](/platforms/python/guides/flask/).
```

Link to more general project page, instead of docs page of a specific version.
